Guidance on how to retry messages using the native tools provided (#5539)
MassTransit/MassTransit: doc/content/3.documentation/6.transports/2.rabbitmq.md

Go to [Exceptions to learn more on exception and faults](/documentation/concepts/exceptions)

[2]: http://spring.io/blog/2011/04/01/routing-topologies-for-performance-and-scalability-with-rabbitmq/

## Retrying messages

> The RabbitMQ Management UI has the ability to retry failed messages. Failed message by default end up in the `*_error` that corresponds with the consumer queue.

Author: Applied, now referring to it as "faulted"

![Error Queue](/rabbitmq-managementui-errorqueue.png)

> Messages can be retried via the RabbitMQ Management UI and requires the shoveling feature to be enabled.

Author: ```suggestion
Messages can be retried via the RabbitMQ Management UI and requires the [shovel feature](https://www.rabbitmq.com/docs/shovel) to be enabled.
```

Before returning a message the message can be inspected by first fetching a message via the button `Get Message(s)` which returns a raw view of the message properties and payload:

![Get Message](/rabbitmq-managementui-getmessage.png)

> After inspection **all messsage** currently stored in the error queue can be 'shoveled' back the the original queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After inspection, **all messsage** currently stored in the error queue can be 'shoveled' back the the original queue.
```
